>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>SANDRA CHAMPLAIN: It is
mankind's biggest fear-- dying.
Is there any proof
of life after death?
I was raised Catholic,
and although I
believe in faith
in God, it wasn't
enough to rest of my fears.
People often ask
me where is heaven,
where are our loved ones
after they've passed away.
There are two ways to live.
You can live as if
nothing is a miracle,
you can live as if
everything is a miracle.
All we are is energy.
Talking about dowsing, dowsing
rods can pick up energy.
Dad, if you're with me,
just show me where you are.
Electronic voice
phenomenon is something
I want to share with you.
>>GEORGE NOORY: It
was the fear of dying
in that led Sandra Champlain
on a 15-year journey
to try to decide is
there life after death.
Her results of course, in
her book, "We Don't Die."
Welcome to "Beyond
Belief," Sandra Champlain.
Sandra, welcome.
>>SANDRA CHAMPLAIN: Hi, George.
Thank you so much for having me.
>>NOORY: It was
fun talking to you
on the radio show,
"Coast to Coast."
>>CHAMPLAIN: It was a blast.
>>NOORY: And we're going to
have fun on "Beyond Belief."
>>CHAMPLAIN: We are.
>>NOORY: This is like real
life stuff now, isn't it?
>>CHAMPLAIN: I know.
And it's very exciting to lay my
eyes on you for the first time.
It's great.
>>NOORY: Tell me about this
journey that you undertook.
And what happened to you?
>>CHAMPLAIN: Well, first of all,
it was a very secret journey.
I used to badmouth people that
believed in life after death.
>>NOORY: What do you
mean bad-mouthed?
>>CHAMPLAIN: Oh, I would
think they were a lunatic.
I'd go into a bookstore, and
I'd see the spirituality section
and the occult section.
>>NOORY: And you'd
laugh about it?
>>CHAMPLAIN: I'd laugh.
These people need to get a life.
>>NOORY: You probably
marked it up and scribbled--
>>CHAMPLAIN: No
proof of that stuff.
And I grew up in a family that
it wasn't talked about much.
There is a local medium in town,
and everybody laughed at her.
So I grew up just thinking
none of that's real.
But what happened to me
is one day I woke up,
and I had this
incredible fear of death.
It was-- you know, there
are moments that we look up
at the stars and
they're overwhelming
when you think of the
vastness of the universe.
>>NOORY: Gorgeous.
>>CHAMPLAIN:
Gorgeous, yes, but who
am I in this big
vastness of life?
And what is my life for?
And what happens when
Sandra comes to an end?
And even though I
grew up Catholic,
went to mass every
Sunday, just hearing
the words "you
should have faith"
wasn't enough to end this fear.
So I just, very secretly,
went on this journey.
Can I find any proof?
Somebody's got to have it.
With 7 billion
people on the earth,
there has to be something.
So I just started on a search,
first through religion.
And all I did find--
although great religions
and great common denominators--
were these stories of faith.
But then from there--
and again, this
is very secret, because
my whole world knew me
as Sandra doesn't
believe in that stuff.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>CHAMPLAIN: I took a
course in mediumship.
I worked with someone
who is called a spirit
artist, a medium that
actually draws portraits
of people she sees around them.
I studied into the
world of near-death
experiencing-- near-death
experiences into reincarnation.
And with that, I had enough
belief that we go on.
But I was still too
afraid to tell anyone.
Because my fear would be, even
after taking the medium course,
that someone would say, Sandra,
who do you see around me?
>>NOORY: Right, help us.
>>CHAMPLAIN: And
the truth is-- yeah.
About 40% to 50% of the
time, I could accurately
tell people's loved ones.
I'd know their
names, what they did
for work, what they died of.
But the other times, it
was just my imagination.
So if somebody asked me, who
do you see, and I was wrong,
I'd be ridiculed.
So eventually, I took a course
in electronic voice phenomena
with Tom and Lisa Butler.
Because I thought
if I had some, I
mean, audible evidence, not
tangible, that life after death
is real, that would
help many people.
And in turn, doing that, it has.
>>NOORY: Why were you a
skeptic in the beginning?
>>CHAMPLAIN: I think I was
a skeptic based on my past.
We've all had times that
we've believed in things.
Maybe it's the holiday
times and Santa.
Or other things
that I knew as a kid
to be true only to find out
that I was being lied to,
or for my own good
being lied to.
>>NOORY: Or it wasn't there.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Yeah,
and then my dad
was an airline pilot
before he passed away.
>>NOORY: What
airline did he fly?
>>CHAMPLAIN: American Airlines.
He was a captain for American.
>>NOORY: He probably
few me around.
>>CHAMPLAIN: He probably did.
Yeah, great guy.
And everything was real
matter of fact in our lives.
So not a lot of creativity,
although I became a chef.
That's my day job.
>>NOORY: That's your passion?
>>CHAMPLAIN: My passion.
But, if I couldn't see it
for myself, it wasn't true.
So I've taken courses on
remote viewing, hypnosis.
>>NOORY: It sounds
like you're trying
to teach yourself
that it exists.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Teach myself that
it exists and teach others now.
Because especially
now after my dad
has passed away, the impact of
believing in life after death,
not just having
faith but a knowing,
it takes away grieving time.
And so often, people
die internally
when a loved one dies.
I know a woman who grieved 30
years after her husband died
and never had her own life.
And so to really know that
her husband's still around,
that she'll see him again,
that her life is for a purpose.
And I have this
dream that people
in the next however many years,
when we close our eyes on Earth
for that last time,
where normally we have
fear, we're praying,
we have regrets,
but that people close
their eyes and look back.
And it's like, I got my
money's worth out of that life.
>>NOORY: It was a good run.
>>CHAMPLAIN: It was.
I went after my dreams.
And there's a lot of fear,
as you know, being human.
But the best way to
go get your dreams
fulfilled is when we
go through the fear.
>>NOORY: Well, you know,
Sandra, I've always told myself,
I said, you know what--
and I've sometimes doubted
the existence of the other side.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Oh sure.
>>NOORY: Even with
all the research
and things that I've done.
But I've told myself,
one, if I'm wrong,
because I do believe it exists--
>>CHAMPLAIN: I know you do.
>>NOORY: But if I'm wrong,
you're not going to know it,
so don't worry about it.
If you're right, you're
going to know about it,
and so life moves on.
I think one of
the fears of dying
for most people is
that it's the finale.
It's the end.
And if they don't believe
in the other side,
if they don't believe
in life after death,
it's like a panic sets in.
It's like, this is it,
it's over, it's done.
I do a lot of speaking
engagements around the country,
and we do some
events where I sing.
Cooking is your passion.
Singing is a hobby.
I have fun.
And I'm on YouTube
a lot, looking
at all the great performers,
trying to pick songs
that I want to sing
at some of the events.
And so I'll look at Frank
Sinatra and some of the things
he's done and stuff.
But the thing that
I have really-- it's
really hit me--
they're all dead.
All these people that I like,
the Elvis Presleys, the Frank
Sinatras, the Nat King
Coles, they're all dead.
And it was really
difficult for me
to comprehend that, because
you look at this great life
that they all had,
successful, and it's gone.
It's gone.
And I had a very
difficult time with that.
I realized we're human beings.
We're all going to die.
>>CHAMPLAIN: We are.
>>NOORY: So then
I go on to Wiki,
and I'm looking at Dean
Martin and all these people,
and they're all dead.
But I came up with
the realization
that, you know what, that's
the process of living.
It's going to happen.
Lost my father
several years ago.
He was 88 years old.
I miss him.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Of course.
>>NOORY: But it was a great run.
We should all be that
lucky to go to 88.
So it changed my whole view.
>>CHAMPLAIN: They say-- I
heard a great quote lately--
that your lifetime is a thread
in the fabric of your soul.
And it gave me this image
that our lives are short,
but to have that confidence
that when we die,
it's just the beginning.
It just the continuation
of something.
I love hearing-- and I started
my own radio show, getting
inspired by yours, and
interview people that
have either had a
near-death experience
or were with a loved
one when they passed.
Because so often,
people come to life
just moments before they die,
and they can see into heaven.
And then I've spoken
with a lot of mediums--
>>NOORY: They're
wide awake almost.
>>CHAMPLAIN: --as well.
Yeah, and even-- there was
one man, who saw his sister
and he saw another person,
that he had been in a coma
before he passed
and he was never
told these people were dead.
And he's talking to them.
And they're right
there to greet them.
So to hear these
stories and just
to hear from people
that our loved ones are
right there when
we open our eyes.
Pets that we've had.
I've lost pets, and
I know you have, too.
And they're the
loves of our lives.
And to know that--
>>NOORY: Putting down a dog that
you love is the saddest thing.
>>CHAMPLAIN: I know.
It is.
Oh, if I can share a story.
After-- I had to put my
kitty Millie to sleep,
and I was never a cat
person, but this stray cat
showed up at my doorstep.
And let her into the
house, and 11 years later--
but I loved her, just
that unconditional love--
>>NOORY: Yeah, she's
part of the family.
>>CHAMPLAIN: --comes
from an animal.
And just before my
book got printed,
I had to do one
last review to make
sure of the editing
and things like that.
Well, I put Millie
to sleep the night
before I had to do
this final review.
And honestly, I didn't
care that I wrote a book.
>>NOORY: You weren't
in the mood for that.
>>CHAMPLAIN: I
wasn't in the mood.
It hurt so bad.
And as human beings, we grieve,
and it's a normal process,
even though it's painful.
It is normal.
But I had to read the book.
So I read it from cover
to cover in a day.
And I got in that moment
that Millie didn't die.
She was a gift in my life.
I got the impact of
the words in that book,
what they do for someone
who's suffering from grief.
And I believe that
Millie-- and this
may sound a little woo-woo--
but she gave her life
when she did so I knew the
power of the words in there.
There are people that not only
have read those words that
have-- it's helped
them through grief,
but I've gotten many
people that have not
committed suicide
because of the words.
>>NOORY: Wow, that's something.
>>CHAMPLAIN: It's very powerful.
So to use it all as
ammunition that, you know,
I say yes to every interview.
And if I can make a difference
in one person's life or many,
I'm going to do that.
>>NOORY: What do you
think the other side is?
It's obviously a natural
process of the living.
What is it, though?
>>CHAMPLAIN: I think
it's a place of energy.
We hear about that often.
And very playfully, people
say, well, where is heaven?
We can't see the wireless
internet around us.
When I was on your radio
show, we were connected,
but we weren't
connected with wires.
And I could still talk to you.
There's an invisible world
that is vibrating around us.
And I believe that heaven
is in that invisible world.
We are made up of energy.
And even when a log
burns, it turns to heat.
And it's just a
different form of energy.
The log is gone, but
the energy still exists.
And so when we die, when our
body disappears, we go on.
So it's the George Noory
personality, the Sandra
Champlain personality, that
us that loves to laugh.
We wake up in a great place.
I think from my studies and
from the people I've talk to,
the little voice inside
of our head goes away.
Now, we all wake
up in the morning
and think some very
negative things.
And we have a lot of fear.
That part of us disappears.
And so what's left is our
magnificence, our personality.
We see our loved ones.
Many people have seen angels.
We always hear of a life review.
And a common denominator
about this life review,
which I think is really
cool and a little bit scary,
is that we're responsible
for our actions.
So the first life
review we have is
we see the negative
impact we've had
on people from their
perspective-- and not
a make-wrong thing.
And nobody's out there
saying, you're good or bad.
It's heaven for you
or hell for you.
It's a very personal thing.
>>NOORY: Where's the devil?
>>CHAMPLAIN: I think the
devil is here on Earth.
I really do.
I think with our--
>>NOORY: We'll talk about
evil in our next program.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Yeah,
but the life review
that we get after the negative
is you see the positive.
Not only the positive
of the impact
you've had on others,
but the ripple effect.
So for instance, your
life review, George,
might be something that, you
know, you do your radio show
and your TV show quite often.
But the lives from
the people that
get impacted from your words,
the new actions they take
in life, the new
faith they have,
you'll get to see
the impact of how
they bloomed in their
life because of you.
And so after that,
a place of beauty.
In my book, and I will say this
honestly, I make a comment,
there's no chocolate in heaven.
>>NOORY: Willy Wonka
would not be happy.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Oh no.
And it's ticked off
a lot of people.
And I didn't put that
in there to really mean
there's no chocolate in heaven.
But we have five senses
while we're here on Earth.
And so often, we're busy
maybe on our computer,
and we're not seeing the
person right in front of us.
And I want people to really
embrace the sunrise and sunset
or a beautiful piece of music or
chocolate on the tongue, things
like that.
But from the people
that I've interviewed,
now I haven't heard
about chocolate,
but it is a place that our
senses are just magnified.
Everything seems alive and real.
The hearing is much
more clearer and vivid.
Colors, there's colors
that we can't even
see on Earth that
exist in the hereafter.
I can't imagine, but--
>>NOORY: You know,
there's so many
people, Sandra, who have
talked about the other side.
They, like you, were skeptics.
They didn't believe.
But we have people like Eben
Alexander, the neurosurgeon,
who in a coma state
is now convinced
that the other side exists.
We've had reincarnation
cases of children,
who are World War II pilots.
And they know more things about
the plane than was public.
>>CHAMPLAIN: I know.
>>NOORY: They've gone to
reunions of their former World
War II soldiers, and
there aren't many left.
And he'll go up to them and
say, hey, Jim, how are you?
And those people are in shock.
There's got to be
something behind all this.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Sure there does.
>>NOORY: I have used intuition,
clairvoyance in my life.
It's all tied together--
>>CHAMPLAIN: It is.
>>NOORY: --I think.
And what heaven probably
could very well be
is just this other force
that we're just all tapped
into-- as you said, the
wireless portion of it.
>>CHAMPLAIN: People
have said when
they've had the near-death
experiences that, like, I'd
recognize my dad.
Hi, Dad.
My grandmother, hi, Grammy.
But every soul there,
you recognize them
like you've known them forever
and that we are all connected.
And I think that's awesome.
And you know what's
neat too about people
that have had near-death
experiences, they remember
the vision they had like
it was just yesterday.
So it didn't matter if they were
6 years old or 51 years old--
just like it was yesterday.
People that have had a
near-death experience
compare that reality to so much
more real than here on Earth.
And it makes our life on
Earth seem like just a dream.
>>NOORY: Sure.
I had-- and I won't talk too
much about this-- in 2000
a near-death experience.
>>CHAMPLAIN: I
did not know that.
>>NOORY: Not many people do.
I'm just probably revealing
it for the first time
on this program.
And I don't talk a lot about it.
My very close-knit family
knows about it, obviously.
And when I was
on-- I didn't die,
so it wasn't one of those
where your heart stopped
or anything like that.
I didn't die.
But I was right on the cusp.
I was close to this
existence and what
could be on the other side.
And what happened to me
is when I fully came back
into the physical end,
it changed my outlook
about everything, everything.
I no longer am concerned
about five years from now.
I'm living for today.
I'm no longer concerned about
bitterness of people and stuff.
To me, every day's a gift.
Laugh about it, have fun, enjoy.
Help other people along the way.
That's what I try to
do with the radio show
and with "Beyond Belief."
But it was an eye
opening experience
that I don't wish on
everybody, obviously.
But it does change
your perspective.
>>CHAMPLAIN:
There's a difference
on how you live life.
I spoke with a race
car driver that
had had a near-death
experience, and I
was the first person
he told about it.
Because he-- a very
professional man--
didn't want people to
think he was a lunatic.
But he confided in me
and gave me permission
to tell the story.
But he said when
he died on a table
after being in a
car accident, he
said immediately, his
grandmother and grandfather
were there in a world that's
so much more real than this.
And he knew he was OK.
And he knew everybody
on Earth would be fine.
And he was given a choice
whether to continue on
with them or go back.
>>NOORY: And many don't
want to come back.
>>CHAMPLAIN: No,
because it's great.
But he looked down, and he saw
his mom and dad and brother
praying for him.
And he knew that the thing
to do would be to return.
And why he told me this story
is because this man went on
to drive NASCAR sports
cars, won championships
upon championships.
>>NOORY: Changed everything.
>>CHAMPLAIN: He's
extremely famous.
But the message is,
Sandra, because I
wasn't afraid of dying, I
wasn't afraid of living.
I put my foot on that pedal
and could drive faster
than anybody, took more chances,
because the fear wasn't there.
>>NOORY: He wasn't
reckless, though.
>>CHAMPLAIN: He
wasn't reckless, no.
However, if people don't
have to have a near--
>>NOORY: Was it Emerson--
>>CHAMPLAIN: No, it wasn't him.
>>NOORY: --Fittipaldi?
>>CHAMPLAIN: No, and--
>>NOORY: You can't say.
>>CHAMPLAIN: He was a great man.
No, I can't.
I may, but I'll have to ask
his permission for the name.
>>NOORY: I understand.
>>CHAMPLAIN: But if I can-- and
this is the whole reason why
I'm out in the
world sharing this,
whether people read
my book or not--
is if people can live their
life knowing that death
is an illusion, knowing that
their life here on Earth
is important, that it's a
place to learn, it's a place
to have all these
emotional experiences,
a place to forgive, a place
for unconditional love.
To understand that our worst
pain, when we survive it,
can be our best gift.
And I never expect from
the death of my dad
that I'd be helping tens
of thousands of people
through grief and believe.
But when people
can believe that,
that they don't have to
have a near-death experience
to play full out in their life.
There's plenty of times
that we all get afraid.
And to realize fear
is an illusion.
And on the other
side of the fear
might be where your biggest
dream can come true.
>>NOORY: Well, but there
is also real grief.
When a little child dies.
>>CHAMPLAIN: No question.
>>NOORY: Or someone much younger
than what you would consider
to be a good run in
your life passes on.
It's not fair.
And a lot of people question
how can a god do this?
How can a god take
a little baby?
How can a god take somebody
in their 20s or 30s?
My answer to that is God
doesn't control that.
I don't think God
cherry picks lives.
I think whatever
this divine force
is, I don't know what
it is, but it's there.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Correct.
>>NOORY: I don't know how it
started, but I know it's there.
I don't think it has
that ability to control.
I think, it's free will, we're
off and away, we do our thing.
So when a young child
dies, it's rotten luck.
But it's not a god
that is doing that.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Or a punishment.
>>NOORY: Or a punishment.
>>CHAMPLAIN: And I cannot-- and
this is going to be the biggest
question I have when I
open my eyes in heaven,
and I believe in heaven--
is why all the suffering.
Because when I watched my
dad die, it was cancer.
>>NOORY: Did he suffer?
>>CHAMPLAIN: He suffered.
And he was very religious.
So I read to him a
passage in the Bible
that said those that suffer
the most are closest to Jesus.
And I don't know if that's
true or not, but I read it.
And even interviewing
people, it's
like, what do you
think the reason is
for all the suffering?
And like I said, I know
from my own suffering
from dad dying, that prompted
me to do the research on grief
and a lot more about life
after death and publish this.
But I also know that I became a
different person in how I dealt
with, say, the doctors
or my family when
I was in the hospital.
And my suffering, I became a
different person, and I had--
>>NOORY: More accepting?
>>CHAMPLAIN: More
accepting, more compassion.
And so I personally got a
lot of growth for my soul,
looking back on it.
And I can't say if that's
the reason we suffer or not.
But there is a possibility
that other people
are impacted in a good way.
And so, like I
said, that's going
to be my biggest question.
Because why a child has
to die or why-- I mean,
there is so much
pain in the world,
I wish I had the
answer for that.
>>NOORY: Tell me
about "We Don't Die."
>>CHAMPLAIN: Oh, it's my baby.
I'm single.
>>NOORY: Your best-selling baby.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Yeah, after
being on your show,
it hit a number
one best seller--
>>NOORY: Oh, that's exciting.
>>CHAMPLAIN: --in the United
States, UK, and Canada.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
>>CHAMPLAIN: So you have
a very powerful show
and great listeners, so
I thank you for that.
>>NOORY: They're passionate.
>>CHAMPLAIN: But I
talk about my journey,
about why I believe
in life after death.
And I'm very playful,
as you can tell.
It's not a heavy read.
It's a very light read.
And it's my journey through
all the different things
I studied-- the examples
of the electronic voice
phenomena I got; and
how Dr. Ken Ring, who
does near-death
experience studies,
only studied blind
people, and they
can see for the very first time
in a near-death experience;
and all those
things that gave me
the ammunition and
the belief, not faith,
but belief beyond a shadow
of a doubt that we don't die.
So that's the
beginning of the book.
There's one chapter on grief.
And it is very painful
that we go through grief.
But I wanted to give people
an understanding, besides just
the different stages
that we go through,
how our brain chemistry
actually changes when we grieve.
We lose a lot of our
communication and perception.
>>NOORY: Of course.
>>CHAMPLAIN: There's
a lot of families
that have come
apart during grief.
And I give an explanation for
what's happening in the brain.
So that's healed
a lot of people.
And so after that, it's
like, well, if we don't die,
what is our life for?
So I've had people find
their life's purpose
reading the pages,
and that's cool.
And just being able to
declare and get back
in touch with that place,
where you have the dreams
and make the most use
of your life while
you're here, to have
great relationships,
to have fun and have joy,
and to make a difference.
And when we no longer
fear death and we're
no longer worried about
me, me, me all of the time,
it's a real natural
response for people
to want to make a difference.
So whether they want to clothe
the homeless or-- however
they want to make a difference,
Habitat for Humanity,
or any way.
But people naturally find
that giving is where it's at.
And you know this, and I
think we all know this,
when we tap in to
ourselves, when
we're not thinking about
our lives, our problems,
our stresses, and when
we have the attention
on how can I make a
difference for another person,
we feel the best.
And it makes just a profound
difference in so many lives.
And that's a side effect
people get out of the book.
>>NOORY: We talked a
little bit about your cat.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Millie, yes.
>>NOORY: Lots of people
love their animals
and their animals pass on.
You're convinced they
carry on as well.
>>CHAMPLAIN: I am convinced.
>>NOORY: Perfect.
You would not have
been years ago.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Well, no, no.
>>NOORY: Not animals.
>>CHAMPLAIN: I would've never
listened to "Coast to Coast"
years ago.
>>NOORY: I mean, if you
didn't even believe people go.
>>CHAMPLAIN: I know,
but not animals.
And animals are just such
pure living demonstrations
of unconditional love.
And there's a beautiful poem
called "The Rainbow Bridge."
And it makes me cry
every time I read it.
But just that all
of our animals are
living in this great place
of plenty of sunshine,
plenty of play.
Not just animals, but human
beings as well, when we die,
we get to pick our best
age and our best health.
And so they're all OK.
But the moment that
comes that we cross over,
there's this Rainbow Bridge.
And just on the other
side of the bridge
is that wagging tail that's just
ready to see you and greet you
and to jump into your arms-- if
it's a cat, maybe not a horse.
And that they're there, too.
>>NOORY: How about a pet frog?
>>CHAMPLAIN: Why not?
>>NOORY: Or one of
our drivers here
has a pet turtle, who's been on
the program before, by the way.
>>CHAMPLAIN: That's awesome.
And why not?
And even doing--
>>NOORY: It's a life force.
>>CHAMPLAIN: It is.
And it's interesting, because
there's so many skeptics.
And we often think,
if we can't see it,
we're not going to believe it.
But like I mentioned the
wireless internet is around us;
we can't see it.
Even this desk here is
made up of molecules.
And inside the
molecules are atoms.
And inside the atoms, if we
had a teeny tiny little camera
and we put a camera inside the
atom, it's invisible space.
There's just vibrating energy.
So everything we see, we
touch, we hear, we smell
is all just energy.
>>NOORY: I feel bad
now batting a fly.
>>CHAMPLAIN: I do, too.
>>NOORY: Or when I was a
little kid, I loved ants.
I studied them.
I had ant farms.
I watched how they worked.
I would sometimes put a little
red ant in with all black ants
and see what they did with them.
>>CHAMPLAIN: See what happens?
>>NOORY: I mean, I
did all these things.
But I also remember I used
to break up their houses.
They had these little ant hills.
And I wanted to know
what was inside.
So I'd whack off the top, and
you'd see all these little ants
in there scurrying around.
Now, because I believe
everything is a life force,
I actually feel bad.
You know, here's
this taller person,
I'm bigger than
them, that's all.
They're probably
smarter than most of us.
But I feel real
bad about that now.
>>CHAMPLAIN: I just
got this image of you
when your life flashes
before your eyes,
you're looking from the
view of that little ant
and then comes
George's big foot.
>>NOORY: That's right.
Splat.
And I did in fact--
>>CHAMPLAIN: --who knows.
But--
>>NOORY: I destroyed
their lives.
>>CHAMPLAIN: But being a
kid, you're very inquisitive.
I felt bad for some animals
that I've seen in the zoo.
I'm thinking, this
is their whole life?
>>NOORY: And they're
looking at us.
>>CHAMPLAIN: But to realize--
>>NOORY: --saying
get me out of here.
>>CHAMPLAIN: --the growth
that I had as a young person
learning about lions and tigers.
And I got an opportunity
to go to South Africa once,
and all these things
I had studied about,
I could see first hand.
And so maybe we all really
do have a purpose in life
and some of those
animals are to teach us.
>>NOORY: Now, I don't
like mosquitoes.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Me neither.
>>NOORY: I don't think
they have a life force.
>>CHAMPLAIN: I don't--
>>NOORY: There's
something about them.
>>CHAMPLAIN: I've asked
why we have mosquitoes.
And they're food for--
>>NOORY: Birds.
>>CHAMPLAIN: --some
kind of birds and fish.
And it's like, well, I get it.
But there could
be something else.
>>NOORY: There could be
better food for those birds.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Yeah, not
so fond of mosquitos.
>>NOORY: They carry disease
and everything else.
But that also tells you
something about life itself.
The abundance of life
on just planet Earth
is absolutely staggering.
>>CHAMPLAIN: There's
90 million species--
>>NOORY: --of everything.
>>CHAMPLAIN: --of everything.
That's not even--
>>NOORY: Fish,
insects, organisms.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Correct.
>>NOORY: You name it.
There's got to be more
to life than this.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Oh,
there has to be.
>>NOORY: And you've believed
it with "We Don't Die."
>>CHAMPLAIN: Sure, even the
vastness of the universe.
We live in the Milky Way
galaxy, our solar system.
And I did a little research
that there's probably
20 billion other--
>>NOORY: Star systems?
>>CHAMPLAIN: --star systems.
And that's just in our galaxy.
And there could be 200 to
400 billion other galaxies
out there, just based on the--
>>NOORY: There's
other life forms.
>>CHAMPLAIN: So it's so
easy for us to say life
after death is impossible.
There's no proof.
But when we start-- and
that's what I ask people,
is just try to expand your
horizons, whatever that may be.
Because there is
a miraculous world
that's vibrating
around us right now.
And when you open up to the
possibility of it-- and even,
whether you want to study
quantum physics a little bit
or the universe and
the cosmos-- I'm
interested in people
having a great life now.
And when we start
researching that-- and even
the guests that you've
had on your shows--
opens up a whole new world.
And you can create new
passions and excitement.
And that's a joyful life.
>>NOORY: Well, what
I loved, Sandra,
is talking to scientists
about the Big Bang Theory.
And you know, deep
down, they have no idea.
>>CHAMPLAIN: No idea.
>>NOORY: No idea at all.
Thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>CHAMPLAIN: You're welcome.
My pleasure.
>>NOORY: This was
fun. "We Don't Die."
One day, of course, we're
all going to meet our maker,
so enjoy your life,
live it to its fullest.
But trust me on this,
it does continue.
I'm George Noory, and
this is "Beyond Belief."
[BACKGROUND MUSIC]